It is a paradise for all those who prefer basic, slow exercises and heavy weights. Club members will find here: a gate, 4 benches - adjustable incline, 1 flat bench, abdominal bench, Roman bench, incline bench with adjustable incline and pull-up bar.
You want to strengthen, slim down, or maybe build up your muscles. The machines safely allow for isolated training, more muscle separation than free weights. They are less injurious to joints than free weights and do not require the difficult exerciser.
Burn off unnecessary fat? You want to warm up? How about improving your aerobic capacity? You couldn't have gotten better! In this zone you have treadmills, bikes, orbiters (crosstrainers), stopwatches and rowing ergometers.
Only in our club can you receive professional care of instructors who will watch over the safety and correctness of your exercises during your stay at the gym.
The price of the pass includes a monthly individual consultation with an instructor, during which the instructor will take into account your expectations and create a suitable training plan, thus bringing you closer to achieving your goals.
Apart from the effort and loss of body, you can also meet someone, because two are always better together. If you are on our site - welcome! You're undecided - start with a one-time pass - look around, practice, talk to the instructors.
Sign up and exercise regularly, because only through regularity and persistence can you achieve something. We look forward to seeing you!
Specialized equipment, each for shaping a different body part, masses of exercises and many benefits. Take care of each part of your body separately. You will see that not only will you feel better externally, but internally as well.
Each client is considered individually and so exercises are selected according to the expectations and capabilities of the exercising person with simultaneous emphasis on the effectiveness of the training program individually selected for each.
Knowledge combined with experience supported by iron discipline and meticulousness will provide you with the effect you dream about! Depending on your needs, you can choose not only the equipment but also the programs and loads on each equipment.
They will help you start or restart your gym adventure so that you can reach your goals without worry. Every contact with us will give you confidence that the exercises you are doing are safe and effective.
In our gym club members will find machines for all major muscle parts.